4760-2026-P4
Name: Rebecca Hanessian
Date: 4/9/2026
Environment: macOS (Unix style)
How to compile the project:
	Type 'make'
Example of how to run the project:
	oss [-h] [-n proc] [-s simul] [-t timelimitForChildren] [-i intervalToLaunchInSeconds] [-f logfile] 
Generative AI: 
	For this project, I utilized Gemini initially, and then Codex to finalize. Using 
	project 3 as a skeleton, I altered and added the basic functionality required for project
	4. There were a couple changes for which I used Gemini to figure out implementation, such as 
	how to create a circular queue. After developing a project that compiled and ran, I 
	continued using Gemini to debug anything in the output that showed errors in the logic
	of the code. Gemini provided useful information but it could not identify why the blocked
	queue remained empty. Gemini only provided "ideas" of what could be wrong instead of being
	able to identify logical errors in the coding itself. After nearly countless attempts
	to find the error in the blocking logic, I utilized Codex, which proved much more useful.
	In debugging the two source files and the header file, it identified an overflow error
	from switching between int and long long variables, and more consequentially, an extra 
	clock increment in the function for handling the workers' response messages. As well,
	it identified an inconsistency in the int value used for the state attribute in the PCB 
	table, which had been confusing the scheduler. After implementing the fixes it suggested, 
	the program ran as it should.
	
	
	Similar to my submission for project 2, I did not directly prompt a generative AI model
	to create my program. I used Google Gemini to debug particular sections of code that
	were not operating as I had expected. For example, the function I wrote to calculate the
	next worker process to send a message to was not working. The OSS was sending thousands of
	messages to one worker until that worker terminated, then moved to the next without 
	alternating between workers. Gemini found the bug to be that the current index (for the
	process in the process table) was resetting to zero instead of holding on to the value
	until the next call to this function. In this way, Gemini is useful. However, it struggles
	to maintain an accurate log of previous questions/prompts and therefore everything it
	outputs has to be checked against the project's actual constraints.